doc: Flesh out steps in nix readme. (#3923)
aws/s2n-tls: nix/README.md

### Nix support

> ### Quickstart

Reviewer: What is Nix and why are we using it? Is it going to make my development workflow easier, and if yes, how? Does it replace Docker? (sort of?) Does it replace cmake? (no?)

- `sudo bash -c “mkdir /nix && chmod 755 /nix && chown -R $USERNAME /nix”`

> - Run the multi-user command from `https://nixos.org/download.html#nix-install-linux`

Reviewer: Why the multi-user command?

Reviewer: Instead of the single user command. Because my default inclination would be to install the one that requires fewer permissions. Also I don't want someone else running another daemon on my instance.

Author: Actually agree with this.

> - Enable flakes: `mkdir ~/.config/nix; echo "experimental-features = nix-command flakes" > ~/.config/nix.conf`

Reviewer: What are flakes? Even a once sentence description would be useful/ or a link to good documentation with the explanation.

- `cd s2n-tls`
### Devshell

> To enter a development shell with everything needed to build and test, run `nix develop` at the root of the project.

Reviewer: What does `nix develop` do?

There are some helper scripts in the environment to make building easier, but if you're familiar with Nix, note that these are 
separate from the buildPhase, configurePhase and checkPhase.
### Configure and build

> From inside the devShell: `configure; build`.

Reviewer: Perhaps add a note about "this takes a very large time because it build _all_ of the libcryptos". Also why does it build all of the libcryptos?

Author: It's a first cut- we will likely separate out the groupings of libcryptos into separate named devShells.

### Unit tests

From inside the devShell after configuring and building run `unit`.  Individual tests can be run by passing regex snippets to the unit function, e.g. `unit stuffer`

> The CI does this in one shot with: `nix develop --max-jobs auto --ignore-environnment --command bash -c "source ./nix/shell.sh; configure;build;unit" `

Reviewer: Why do we `--ignore-environment`?

The CI does this in one shot with: `nix develop --max-jobs auto --ignore-environnment --command bash -c "source ./nix/shell.sh; configure;build;unit" `

### Integration tests

- Oneshot: `nix develop --max-jobs auto --ignore-environnment --command bash -c "source ./nix/shell.sh; configure;build;integ" `

> - Specific test: `nix develop --max-jobs auto --ignore-environnment --command bash -c "source ./nix/shell.sh; configure;build;integ happy_path"`

Reviewer: What is `happy_path`?

> Like with the unit tests, an individual test can be run with a regex: `nix develop --max-jobs auto --ignore-environnment --command bash -c "source ./nix/shell.sh; configure;build;integ happy_path"`

Reviewer: Can you add an example of running the specific unit test? It took me a bit to figure out the `ARGS=-R s2n_session_thing` syntax for regex runs with make, and the though of piping the arguments around nix feels more complex than that.

 does not replace or negate Docker, cmake and compilers, but should allow for frictionless installs of a wider number of versions of build and test dependencies.

### Quickstart

- `sudo bash -c “mkdir /nix && chmod 755 /nix && chown -R $USERNAME /nix”`
- Run the single-user command from `https://nixos.org/download.html#nix-install-linux`
- Enable flakes: `mkdir ~/.config/nix; echo "experimental-features = nix-command flakes" > ~/.config/nix.conf`
- `cd s2n-tls`

#### What is this doing?

1. Creates a /nix store directory where artifacts (_derivations_) will be stored.  It's not advised to change this, even for small roots - if you have disk space constraints, consider using a [bindmount](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/bind-mounts-in-linux/)
1. Installs nix
2. Enables the experimental _flakes_ feature.  A flake is simply a source tree (such as a Git repository) containing a file named flake.nix that provides a standardized interface to Nix artifacts such as packages or NixOS modules. See the [blog post](https://www.tweag.io/blog/2020-05-25-flakes/) for more.
1. cd into the s2n-tls project root, where flake.nix lives.
### Devshell

> A devShell is an environment will all of the build dependencies installed and ready for use, intended to easily get a useable development environment setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A devShell is an environment with all of the build dependencies installed (on PATH) and ready for use. It is intended to easily get a usable development environment setup.
```

To enter the development shell, run `nix develop` at the root of the project.

There are some helper scripts in the environment to make building easier, but if you're familiar with Nix, note that these are 
separate from the buildPhase, configurePhase and checkPhase.
### Configure and build

From inside the devShell: `configure; build`.

The first time this is run, it might take a while to build everything.

### Unit tests

From inside the devShell after configuring and build finish, run `unit <test name>`, or with no test name for all of the tests.
For example, to run the stuffer_test use: `unit stuffer_test`, or `unit stuffer` to run all of tests with stuffer in the name.

The CI does this in one shot with: `nix develop --max-jobs auto --ignore-environnment --command bash -c "source ./nix/shell.sh; configure;build;unit" `.

What is this doing?

1. max-jobs tells nix to use all the cores available to build
2. ignore-environment strips out environment variables to get a clean environment
3. source the shell functions needed to configure, build and run tests
### Integration tests

> From inside a devShell after running configure and build, use `integ <test name>` to run all the tests.  Note that some of the tests are still broken under nix, so some failures are expected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From inside a devShell after running configure and build, use `integ <test name>` to run the integ tests matching the regex `<test name>`, or with no arguments to run all the integ tests.  Note that some of the tests are still broken under nix, so some failures are expected.
```
